Product rename changes (#465)
Esri/arcgis-toolkit-dotnet: docs/ar.md

[![world-scale sample](https://img.shields.io/badge/World_Scale-Sample-blue)](https://developers.arcgis.com/net/latest/ios/sample-code/collect-data-in-ar/) [![Tabletop sample](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tabletop-Sample-blue)](https://developers.arcgis.com/net/latest/ios/sample-code/display-scenes-in-tabletop-ar/) [![Flyover sample](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flyover-Sample-blue)](https://developers.arcgis.com/net/latest/ios/sample-code/explore-scenes-in-flyover-ar/)

> Augmented reality experiences are designed to "augment" the physical world with virtual content that respects real world scale, position, and orientation of a device. In the case of the ArcGIS Maps SDK, `ARSceneView` extends `SceneView` to display GIS data on top of a camera feed showing the physical world.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Augmented reality experiences are designed to "augment" the physical world with virtual content that respects real world scale, position, and orientation of a device. In this toolkit SDK, `ARSceneView` extends `SceneView` to display GIS data on top of a camera feed showing the physical world.
```
As per guidelines we can't use `ArcGIS Maps SDK` as a term so either qualify it with .NET. Feel free to use the suggestion or a better term if you can think of or even remove `In this toolkit SDK` all together.

* **Tabletop**: Scene content is anchored to a physical surface, as if it were a 3D-printed model. You can see this demonstrated in the [Display scenes in tabletop AR](https://developers.arcgis.com/net/latest/ios/sample-code/display-scenes-in-tabletop-ar/) sample.
* **World-scale**: Scene content is rendered exactly where it would be in the physical world. A camera feed is shown and GIS content is rendered on top of that feed. This is used in scenarios ranging from viewing hidden infrastructure to displaying waypoints for navigation. You can see this demonstrated in the [Navigate in AR](https://developers.arcgis.com/net/latest/ios/sample-code/navigate-in-ar/) sample.

> The AR toolkit component is comprised of one class: `ARSceneView`. This is a subclass of `SceneView` that contains the functionality needed to display an AR experience in your application. It uses the native platform's augmented reality framework to display the live camera feed and handle real world tracking and synchronization with the ArcGIS Maps SDK's `SceneView`. `ARSceneView` is responsible for starting and managing an ARCore/ARKit session. `ARSceneView` uses a user-provided `LocationDataSource` for getting an initial GPS location and when continuous GPS tracking is required.

Reviewer: same comment as above
